docs: documentation update (#122)
kyma-project/kyma-companion: README.md

If you are a PyCharm user and you want to use the virtual environment created by Poetry, follow the [configuration guides](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/pycharm/poetry.html).

## Use Poe the Poet as Task Runner

[Poe the Poet](https://poethepoet.natn.io/index.html) is a task runner that simplifies running common tasks in a Python project.

To have the command availalbe as `poetry poe <command>` as seen in the following examples, you need to install poe as a plugin to Poetry:

```bash
poetry self add 'poethepoet[poetry_plugin]'
```

If this plugin is not installed, you may have to run poe as a script within the Poetry environment using `poetry run poe <command>`.

## Development

### Redis Server

Before running the application, the Redis server must be provided. It is used to store the conversation with a large language model (LLM).
Therefore, **REDIS_URL** has to be provided as an environment variable.

Here is the [documentation](https://github.tools.sap/kyma/ai-force/blob/main/docs/infrastructure/setup.md#15-redis) on how to create a Redis server. For example,
`REDIS_URL="redis://{host or ip}:6379"`

> ### Running <!--maybe Run, but then what? FastAPI application? -->

Reviewer: Maybe:
Running/Executing the Companion locally

> You can start the FastAPI application with the following options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can execute the kyma-companion locally using the FastAPI framework with the following command:
```

```bash
poetry run fastapi dev src/main.py --port 8000
```

Or, directly with FastAPI:

```bash
fastapi dev src/main.py --port 8000
```

Or, with a poe task:

```bash
$ poetry poe run-local
```

> It is recommended <!--not sure if that's the intended meaning--> to run it <!--not sure what exactly "it" refers to; the sentence is ambiguous with two differenf its--> with Poetry as it activates and uses its virtual environment if not activated yet.

Reviewer: "It" refers to running the companion locally using the FastAPI framework.

As using poetry is the recommended way, I think we could consider removing the `fastapi dev src/main.py --port 8000` command altogether... this would make this comment obsolete

> [!NOTE] You cannot run it with Python directly.

### Debugging

> The FastAPI application can be debugged with PyCharm or VS Code. Follow the guidelines for these IDEs:

Reviewer: Maybe:

As the companion uses the FastAPI framework, refer to the following documentation on how to debug the application with the respective IDE:

- [PyCharm](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/pycharm/fastapi-project.html#create-project)
- [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/python/tutorial-fastapi)

### Configuration

For local development LLM models can be configured inside the config/models.json file.  
**NOTE:** Don't use the file to configure models in dev, stage or prod clusters.

## Codechecks

> To execute linting, formatting, and type checking using Ruff, Black and mypy <!--or `ruff`, `black`, and `mypy`?--> respectively, use the following commands:

Reviewer: I think `Ruff, Black and mypy` is more inline with the official capitalization
